Adding structure and enhancements to user documentation (#9799)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_settings/shoot_autoscaling.md

The `Shoot` API allows to configure a few flags of the `cluster-autoscaler`:

There are [general options for `cluster-autoscaler`](../../api-reference/core.md#core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.ClusterAutoscaler), and these values will be used for all worker groups except for those overwriting them. Additionally, there are some [`cluster-autoscaler` flags to be set per worker pool](../../api-reference/core.md#core.gardener.cloud/v1beta1.ClusterAutoscalerOptions). They override any general value such as those specified in the general flags above.
> Only some `cluster-autoscaler` flags can be configured per worker pool, and is limited by NodeGroupAutoscalingOptions of the upstream community Kubernetes repository. This list can be found [here](https://github.com/gardener/autoscaler/blob/machine-controller-manager-provider/cluster-autoscaler/config/autoscaling_options.go#L37-L55).

## Vertical Pod Auto-Scaling

This form of auto-scaling is not enabled by default and must be explicitly enabled in the `Shoot` by setting `.spec.kubernetes.verticalPodAutoscaler.enabled=true`.

> The reason is that it was only introduced lately, and some end-users might have already deployed their own VPA into their clusters, i.e., enabling it by default would interfere with such custom deployments and lead to issues, eventually. Also if `ShootVPAEnabledByDefault` admissionPlugins is enabled then `.spec.kubernetes.verticalPodAutoscaler.enabled` will be set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reason is that it was only introduced lately, and some end-users might have already deployed their own VPA into their clusters, i.e., enabling it by default would interfere with such custom deployments and lead to issues, eventually. Also, if `ShootVPAEnabledByDefault` admissionPlugins is enabled, then `.spec.kubernetes.verticalPodAutoscaler.enabled` will be set to true.
```

## Vertical Pod Auto-Scaling

This form of auto-scaling is not enabled by default and must be explicitly enabled in the `Shoot` by setting `.spec.kubernetes.verticalPodAutoscaler.enabled=true`.

> The reason is that it was only introduced lately, and some end-users might have already deployed their own VPA into their clusters, i.e., enabling it by default would interfere with such custom deployments and lead to issues, eventually. Also if `ShootVPAEnabledByDefault` admissionPlugins is enabled then `.spec.kubernetes.verticalPodAutoscaler.enabled` will be set to true.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The reason is that it was only introduced lately, and some end-users might have already deployed their own VPA into their clusters, i.e., enabling it by default would interfere with such custom deployments and lead to issues, eventually. Additionally, if the `ShootVPAEnabledByDefault` admission plugin is enabled in the gardener-apiserver, then the `.spec.kubernetes.verticalPodAutoscaler.enabled` field will be defaulted to true.
```

Add also a link to the admission plugin docs in `apiserver-admission-plugins.md`.
